---
date: 2026-01-30T12:04:50+01:00
type: "news"
title: "I have joined the [ASQAP 2026](https://asqap.github.io/asqap2026/) program committee."
---


ASQAP'25 is the 
First International Workshop on Autonomous System Quality Assurance and
Prediction with Digital Twins.
It will be co-located with [FSE 2026](https://conf.researchr.org/home/fse-2026) in Montreal, QC, Canada.
Please consider submitting your work!

From the workshop's [Web page](https://asqap.github.io/asqap2026/):

> Using digital twins in autonomous systems is crucial for ensuring quality
assurance and enhancing predictive capabilities. This technology enables
real-time monitoring and simulation of system behavior, providing a detailed
virtual replica that facilitates advanced testing and the correction of
potential faults before physical production. Digital twins also support
optimization of design and operational processes, reducing development times
and enhancing overall efficiency. Moreover, by analyzing large datasets and
simulating complex scenarios, digital twins aid in developing advanced
algorithms and predictive resource management, improving system resilience and
adaptability.  
> However, several challenges emerge in realizing a digital twin. This process
involves creating detailed models of the system and its environment, which must
remain aligned with both the environment's dynamic and open nature and the
hardware status of the physical twin. This poses a significant challenge, as
both autonomous systems and their digital twins must continually adjust to
changes to maintain accuracy and functionality. Runtime techniques are
therefore required to verify and adapt both autonomous systems and their
digital twins.  
> Despite the great interest in enhancing autonomous systems' quality assurance
and prediction through digital twins, no common methodologies, model-based
techniques, or formal aspects have been fully established.
> ASQAP 2026 aims to provide a forum for sharing and discussing innovative
contributions to both formal and practical approaches in the analysis and
development of methodologies, including digital twins, for the quality
assurance of autonomous systems. 
