---
date: 2024-07-22T09:46:19+02:00
type: "news"
title: "I have joined the [NSAD 2024](https://2024.splashcon.org/home/nsad-2024) program committee."
---

NSAD'24 is the 
10th International Workshop on Numerical and Symbolic Abstract Domains.
It will be part of SPLASH 2024 and will be held in Pasadena, CA, USA.

From the workshop's [Web page](https://2024.splashcon.org/home/nsad-2024):

>Abstraction is an essential part of many program verification and validation
(V&V) methods, making tractable computational problems that are usually too
complex —and very often undecidable if considered in their original (not
abstracted) formulation. Such abstraction is modeled using an abstract
representation of data and abstract operations, yielding an Abstract Domain.
Abstract Domains embed the semantic choices, data structures, algorithmic
aspects, and implementation decisions related to the abstraction process, and,
as such, they play a central role in V&V, with applications to abstract
interpretation-based static analysis, model-checking, and symbolic execution,
to name a few examples.  
Many Abstract Domains have been designed so far: numerical domains (e.g.,
intervals, congruences, polyhedra, polynomials), symbolic domains (e.g., shape
domains, trees) —but also domain operators (e.g., products, powersets,
completions), and have been applied to several kinds of V&V problems (e.g.,
program safety, termination, reachability) on a variety of systems (e.g.,
hardware, software, neural networks).  
The goal of the NSAD workshop is to discuss work in progress, recent advances,
novel ideas, and experiences in the theory, practice, application,
implementation, and experimentation connected to Abstract Domains. This year,
contributions related and/or applied to neural networks, dynamic/hybrid
systems, distributed systems, quantum software, and blockchain software (e.g.,
smart-contracts), as well as partial and modular program analysis, are
particularly welcome.
